README.md, before:

![GoIndex](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/donwa/goindex/master/themes/logo.png)  
  
GoIndex  
====  
Google Drive Directory Index  
Combining the power of [Cloudflare Workers](https://workers.cloudflare.com/) and [Google Drive](https://www.google.com/drive/) will allow you to index you files on the browser on Cloudflare Workers.    

`index.js` is the content of the Workers script.  

## Demo  
material: [https://index.gd.workers.dev/](https://index.gd.workers.dev/)  
classic: [https://indexc.gd.workers.dev/](https://indexc.gd.workers.dev/)  

## Deployment  
1.Install `rclone` software locally  
2.Follow [https://rclone.org/drive/]( https://rclone.org/drive/) bind a drive  
3.Execute the command`rclone config file` to find the file `rclone.conf` path  
4.Open `rclone.conf`,find the configuration `root_folder_id` and `refresh_token`  
5.Download index.js in https://github.com/donwa/goindex and fill in root and refresh_token  
6.Deploy the code to [Cloudflare Workers](https://www.cloudflare.com/)

## Quick Deployment  
1.Open https://installen.gd.workers.dev/  
2.Auth and get the code  
3.Deploy the code to [Cloudflare Workers](https://www.cloudflare.com/)  



## About  
Cloudflare Workers allow you to write JavaScript which runs on all of Cloudflare's 150+ global data centers.

Commit message:

translation: Chinese strings to English
- Front-end chinese text including password popup text translated from zh to en
- removed chinese README_zh.md
- track index.js from own repo
- add note for quick installation

Used following tools to translate

- Google Translate
- translate-shell https://github.com/soimort/translate-shell
- Notepad++ Translate plugin

README.md, after:

![GoIndex](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/donwa/goindex/master/themes/logo.png)  
  
GoIndex  
====  
Google Drive Directory Index  
Combining the power of [Cloudflare Workers](https://workers.cloudflare.com/) and [Google Drive](https://www.google.com/drive/) will allow you to index you files on the browser on Cloudflare Workers.    

`index.js` is the content of the Workers script.  

## Demo  
material: [https://index.gd.workers.dev/](https://index.gd.workers.dev/)  
classic: [https://indexc.gd.workers.dev/](https://indexc.gd.workers.dev/)  

## Deployment  
1.Install `rclone` software locally  
2.Follow [https://rclone.org/drive/]( https://rclone.org/drive/) bind a drive  
3.Execute the command`rclone config file` to find the file `rclone.conf` path  
4.Open `rclone.conf`,find the configuration `root_folder_id` and `refresh_token`  
5.Download index.js in https://github.com/donwa/goindex and fill in root and refresh_token  
6.Deploy the code to [Cloudflare Workers](https://www.cloudflare.com/)

## Quick Deployment 
#### (only for chinese version and won't work for this english repo)
1.Open https://installen.gd.workers.dev/  
2.Auth and get the code  
3.Deploy the code to [Cloudflare Workers](https://www.cloudflare.com/)  



## About  
Cloudflare Workers allow you to write JavaScript which runs on all of Cloudflare's 150+ global data centers.
